Shopping List Manager

PLEASE NOTE: 

You are allowed to use code from other sources - provided you have permission from the original author to do so.
This includes use of third-party libraries and UI components.
If you do use code from other sources, please give credit to the original author in the comments and do not attempt to pass the code off as your own.
While it is acceptable to use other people's code with permission and with citations, an over-reliance on third-party code may affect your overall score.

Running this app:

(1) Ensure you have node.js installed on your PC: https://nodejs.org/en/download/
(2) Ensure you have angular cli installed on your PC: https://cli.angular.io/
(3) Open a powershell in the project's folder and run 'npm install' followed by 'ng serve'
(4) Navigate to localhost:4200 in your browser of choice to view the app running

Overview:

You are required to design a web app which allows the user to generate a shopping list.

The app is comprised of two lists: 
    (1) the 'Current' list -  the list of items the user wants to buy
    (2) the 'Previous' list - the list of items the user has added to previous lists in the past

The user should be able to add new items to the 'Current' list, as well as adding previously-used items from the 'Previous' list. 
It should be possible to move items back and forth between lists, as well as editing and deleting items. 
The user should also be able to order the items in the 'Current' list manually, using arrows buttons in the user interface.

At Nomuda we use a ticketing system to manage our workload. 'Stories' are created and assigned to developers. 
These stories are broken down into sub-tickets, each ticket describing a specific bit of functionality.
Each ticket is given a priority. For the purpose of this test, we have created two priority levels: 'Urgent' and 'Minor'.

This story has been divided into several tickets. 
Please complete all tickets with a priority level of 'Urgent' and at least one ticket with a priority level of 'Minor'.
If you wish to demonstrate your skills further by taking on more of the 'Minor' priority tickets, feel free to do so. 
However, you will be judged on the quality of the work, not the quantity, so do not pressure yourself to complete all the tickets.
This is your opportunity to show us what you can do, so choose a 'Minor' priority ticket or tickets that best demonstrate your skillset.

There is no time limit on this test. Take as long as you feel you need, but please keep a log of how long this task took you.

(Please note: This project does not require a database to be set up, so please hard-code items for the 'Previous' list or use 
some of form of local storage.)

TICKET 1 - Create UI layout in HTML as per prototype document
PRIORITY: URGENT

In the ShoppingListMockUp.pdf you will see a rough mock up of how we expect the app to look.
Recreate this in HTML in the file shopping-list-component.component.html using appropriate HTML5 elements.

TICKET 2 - Style Shopping List App using css and Bootstrap 4
PRIORITY: URGENT

Use Bootstrap 4 classes to style your components, using the shopping-list-component.component.css file.

TICKET 3 - Create models for 'Current' and 'Previous' lists and display in the HTML
PRIORITY: URGENT

The Lists should be modelled in the shopping-list-component.component.ts file. 
The 'ListItem' class has already been defined and imported.
Use the 'models' folder to create any more classes you think may be necessary and import them into the ShoppingListComponent.
Populate the 'Previous' list with a hard-coded list of items.

TICKET 4 - Implement functionality for moving items between the 'Current' and 'Previous' lists using arrow buttons
PRIORITY: URGENT

The user should be able to move items between the lists by first clicking on the item in the list and clicking on the appropriate arrow button:
The left-pointing arrow moves the item from the 'Previous' List to the 'Current' List and the right-pointing arrow moves items
from the 'Current' List to the 'Previous' List.
When the user clicks on the list item, the css styling should change appropriately to show it has been clicked.

Ticket 5 - Implement functionality for adding a new item to the 'Current' list
PRIORITY: URGENT

The user should be able to add a completely new item to the 'Current' list.
NOTE: the UI element for this functionality is not included in the mock-up.
NOTE: It is not expected that changes persist after the browser is closed or the app is restarted.
EXTRA CREDIT: Use a modal element for adding a new item.
See: https://ng-bootstrap.github.io/#/components/modal/examples for examples (or use your own).

Ticket 6 - Implement functionality for editing an item on the either list
PRIORITY: URGENT

The user should be able to edit an item's name in either list.
NOTE: the UI element for this functionality is not included in the mock-up.
NOTE: It is not expected that changes persist after the browser is closed or the app is restarted.
EXTRA CREDIT: Use a modal element for editing an item.
See: https://ng-bootstrap.github.io/#/components/modal/examples for examples (or use your own).

Ticket 7 - Implement functionality for deleting an item from the 'Previous' list
PRIORITY: URGENT

It should be possible to delete permanently an item from the 'Previous' List.
NOTE: the UI element for this functionality is not included in the mock-up.
NOTE: It is not expected that changes persist after the browser is closed or the app is restarted.
EXTRA CREDIT: the user should be warned via an appropriate UI interface that the item will be permanently deleted.

Ticket 8 - Implement functionality for manually re-ordering 'Current' list
PRIORITY: URGENT

The user should be able to order the items on the 'Current' list using the 'Up' and 'Down' arrows.
The user should click on an item to select it and move it up and down the list by clicking the appropriate button.

Ticket 9 - Validation to prevent duplicate items being added to either list
PRIORITY: MINOR

The user should not be able to add multiple items with the same name.
Add client-side validation to the app to prevent this.
Give useful feedback to the user when they are prevented from adding a duplicate item.

Ticket 10 - Flag 'High Priority' items on the 'Current' List
PRIORITY: MINOR

The user should be able to set items in the 'Current' list as high priority. 
The 'high priority' items should be flagged with a red exclamation mark.
These items should be 'stickied' to the top of the 'Current' list. 
It should not be possible for items which are not high priority to appear higher in the list than high priority items.

Ticket 11 - Save and Load data user the browser's local storage
PRIORITY: MINOR

Allow the changes made by the user to persist once the page is reloaded by using the browser's local storage.
See: https://www.w3schools.com/html/html5_webstorage.asp

Ticket 12 - Responsive UI - Allow the app to scale flexibly when viewed on desktop or mobile
PRIORITY: MINOR

Make the app look beautiful regardless of whether it is viewed on a desktop or mobile platform.
In mobile mode, optimise UI elements for the finger-presses instead of mouse clicks.

Ticket 13 - Format the list of links at the top of the page into an elegant navigation banner
PRIORITY: MINOR

Turn the nav element in app.component.html into a functional navigation banner.
Make it look as pretty as possible while maintaining functionality.
See: https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/navbar/ for examples (or use your own)
NOTE: The links in the banner do not have to work and you do not need to create pages for them. 

Ticket 14 - Allow the user to export the 'Current' list into another format
PRIORITY: MINOR

The user will want to use the shopping list in the real world. 
Allow the user to export the list into another format, e.g. .csv, .txt, .pdf.